or the girl after the day of avilés I wanted
make this video I will do this
makeup that is super fast with the
palette miguelín of clouds that asked me
much from the past video where the
review and I'll show you how it looks
with four different lipsticks is
killing a thousand birds with one stone because
Buy these lipsticks
maybelline also with the caps
lilac and they are very spring-summer
so I wanted to show you a little
how it looks with this same makeup
then at the end they will see all the
bumps and good if you like how it looks
they are served the first ones I will do my
face i'm going to use this quick base
maybelline makeup teach them snap the
first day that I used it
he was quite surprised because despite
It rubs cream be super good not
It covers a lot, but it lasted for a long time
and I liked it as well
it's like when you want to use a bible
kind that is how very light it is not
there's nothing more to be covered
necessary then you're problem of the
weather I think and well I will use this seen
new golden space
and this abuse with my sponge or with a
Normal brush
I'm going to look a little bit right
and if I'm just going to comb those
now we're going with the eyes I'm going to use
give me knot violin
and they asked me to make a look
so then I said what I'm going to put here
same in this video so let's go to
start from the first this shadow the
I'm going to put in the bone of my daughters
I like it because it's pretty shiny
but not like that it does not look like prices and
super bright but super shiny pay
but like when you move or so
as transition color I will occupy is
the basin
and for the whole eyelid I'm going to mix
is with the gold here
will give super nice shine
and I will go through the account again
that same color that had already
taught
with this same applicator that I'm going to
take this area here
and I'm going to put it under my feet
I'm going to use a little bit of my study
that I just met
topics that I'm going to use my
telescopic
at that time my favorite Senate
Contact
because I'm going to finish from my face and
we return on the lips that is a
part of our four's fault of
this line that I 'm not sure how it
call but they are seen as tapas
military I do not know how many are
releases in the information box in your
xi I find that information but I
I have four I know there was someone else
I do not know how I bought them I bought these
three a day this month
but I said to this super cool because that's how
I do not know exactly how many more are but
is the community of the colors of the
collection then let's try it
how do you all look with this makeup
first I have here speech daddy who
it's like a clear playpen
to this color because it's pretty clear
for me
well, we have hibiscus by jalisco
they paint us a lot like you have to
pass them several times so there is a
color more or less close to this but not
no joke they will be of that tone
I'm like transparent and cough
after my favorite in love
this is ecstasy
you know the purple ones is like a color
Super nice bougainvillea
and the last one I have is with you
you
I am very emotional
or love
and the latter
Well that 's it but all the lipsticks
tell from here below what was your
favorite and do not forget that I leave you
all my social networks that down here
they are also in case they want to follow me and
we talked about everything today follow me
snapshot so they know about all
my purchases at the moment and also
visit us push another channel where
we make blogging challenges and those cool things and
as I hope you liked it and we
we see in the following video bye